Strong work. Three calls:

1. Conquer Cancer Foundation — yes, add the override. But build it as 
   a general-purpose escape hatch, not a one-off:
   
   - Create scripts/seed-funders-overrides.ts exporting:
     export const FUNDER_EIN_OVERRIDES: Record<string, string> = {
       "Conquer Cancer Foundation": "31-1667995",
       "Rally Foundation for Childhood Cancer Research": "20-2447295",
       "Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust": "35-6549540",
     };
   
   - Seeder logic: check FUNDER_EIN_OVERRIDES[name] first → if present, 
     skip search, call getFoundationDetails(ein) directly. If absent, 
     fall through to search-then-resolve as today.
   
   - Log overrides distinctly: "Seeding 15/25: Conquer Cancer Foundation 
     → using override EIN 31-1667995 ✅"
   
   - Phase 2 follow-up note: when override is used, run a sanity check 
     that getFoundationDetails returns a name that token-overlaps with 
     the query name. If not, log a warning. Don't block.

2. Sanitization for the three stuck queries — yes, do it. Strip:
   - Trailing parenthetical region tags like " (AZ)"
   - Plus signs (replace "+" with " plus ")
   - Excess whitespace after stripping
   
   Apply to query string ONLY, not to the seed list — keep the seed list 
   names human-readable. Sanitization happens in-resolver.
   
   For Rally Foundation and Nina Mason Pulliam: add to the override map 
   above so they don't depend on search at all.

3. Three orphan grants — drop them entirely. Don't reattach to wrong 
   funders. Remove the three offending entries from seed-grants-list.ts 
   so we don't see "skipped" warnings on future seed runs. Phase 2 grant 
   curation will add new grants matched to the actual funders we have.

After these changes, re-run npm run seed and paste the new summary. 
Target: ✅ 25 funders, ✅ 9+ grants, 0 unmatched, 0 orphans.

Then I log in for E2E.

Phase 2 follow-ups to track:
- Replace token-overlap heuristic with relevance-score-based confidence 
  (the Conquer Cancer false positive case shows token-overlap is too 
  permissive when all query tokens appear in a wrong org's name; 
  relevance score is the better signal).
- ProPublica search query sanitization: parens, plus signs, special 
  chars are pre-existing rough edges. The strip rules above handle the 
  three known cases but the deeper fix is a normalizer in the adapter.